Meeting Minutes 22:


Presentation:

DONE: Summarise each section in the slides.
DONE: Each slide has punchline/ buzzword / main message (possibly aided by visualisations).

Dissertation:

DONE: Section 2.1.2: move tf idf formulae to appendice

DONE: Section 2.3 - Do you clearly summarise WHAT you want us to take forward. How you differentiate from these previous works?
There was also a paper in the RecSys lecture on explanations on MovieLens - can you cite that and position yourself to that?
Talk more about what has been done & what you did.


DONE: Chapter 3 - please number the requirements, so you can refer back to them later.

DONE: Chapter summaries should link the current chapter to the next chapter
(e.g. Section 4.6 is a case in point. - it should say in the next chapter, we describe how we implement these functionalities)

DONE: "in Listing5.1 is a" check you always have spaces before \ref{}. I prefer Listing~\ref{} etc, to force a space but not one that permits a linebreak.
5.1 listing not very interesting > Put in Appendice > Possibly find more challenging code extract.

DONE: In Evaluation, add table synthesizing all results.

DONE: Add abbreviations for common words: RS, CF

DONE: Do abstract and consent.

DONE: Reduce to 40 pages.

DONE: Section 1.3 OR 1.4: Reformulate aims & contributions as bullets: Goals of explanation may be adapted for businesses, trust, satisfaction and more 
likely to follow recommendations - as stated in previous part/ Can be used to compare with other kinds of systems - pros and cons of diff algorithms/ 
Evaluation Method?/ WEAVE IN structure when you know. 

DONE: Introduce correct referencing of sections.

DONE: Fix " issue

DONE: Evaluation 6: can provide example of how type of user affected answers.

DONE: potentially remove part 2 of section on research question if not done.

DONE: Fig 6.3 in 6.3.3 can be moved to appendix. Also after fig 6.3 can add link to appendice results for helpfulness metric.

DONE: Can add paradox of choice graph (maybe appendix).

DONE: 5.2.1 Can add figure of cold start problem (or appendix).

DONE: Try to add more citations where needed.

NOT NEEDED: Potentially put part 5.5 and 5.6 in chapter 4

DONE: Do and cite accordingly appendices with entire interview, (intro & debrief), formulae, all additional graphs, readme (see quidelines)...



- Re-read and agree on standards for \emph and \textbf as well as \\ for line breaks.

- Remove useless code comments.

- Fig log issues

DONE: Last supervisor email.



